Add `--semaphore` flag to enable interaction with GHC Job Server… (#8557)
haskell/cabal: doc/cabal-project.rst

    ``-j2`` is also supported; a bare ``--jobs`` or ``-j`` is equivalent
    to ``--jobs=$ncpus``.

.. cfg-field::  semaphore: boolean
                --semaphore
    :synopsis: Use GHC's support for semaphore based parallelism.

    :default: False

>     When combined with ``jobs``, this option instructs cabal to create a
>     semaphore with the number of slots specified by ``jobs``. This semaphore is
>     then passed to GHC using the `-jsem` option to make use of GHC's ability to
>     control parrelism using a semaphore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This option instructs cabal to control parallelism by creating a new system semaphore,
    whose number of tokens is specified by ``--jobs`` (or ``-j``).
    This semaphore is passed to GHC, which allows it to use any leftover parallelism
    that ``cabal-install`` is not using.
    
    Requires ``ghc >= 9.8``.
```

Question: what happens if no ``--jobs`` argument is passed? Do we use `$ncpus`, or throw an error?

Author: By default `jobs: $ncpus`, but if by default the flag wasn't set then we should create a semaphore with one slot which would just behave like `-j1` normally would.
